This is the effect,
A way to be able to move while you are speaking.
Mr. Yang, what does that mean?
Can you call me?
Then I called him over, why didn't you,
Okay? If you call me over,
Why not, then I want you to quit Huaxing International,
They were all deeply disappointed,
They are from Huaxing International and we cannot afford to let them go.
How many people are there now, but let me tell you,
That fair company of yours, and back then,
Take it, what does this say come from?
I love you, whatever. I am here,
Qin Meng Na Hotel
You don't come over
Then try to think of a way, but you still can’t play a few roles
If you can't let go, we will all go.
You are not Qin Mengna Hotel
What I meant
What's wrong with you?
What's going on?
You don’t even know how to die
Today's matter is handled by him at the official meeting
Thousands of people are dead and the Internet is back
I count them one by one
No one can run away today